TFKUBE-339: Added the documentation for product versions (#172)
atlassian-labs/data-center-terraform: docs/docs/userguide/configuration/BAMBOO_CONFIGURATION.md

`bamboo_helm_chart_version` sets the [Helm chart](https://github.com/atlassian/data-center-helm-charts){.external} version of Bamboo instance.

```terraform
bamboo_helm_chart_version = "1.2.0"
```

### Bamboo version tag

> Bamboo will be installed with the default version defined in Hem chart. If you want to install a specific version of Bamboo, you can set the `bamboo_version_tag` to the version you want to install.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bamboo will be installed with the default version defined in its [Helm chart](https://github.com/atlassian/data-center-helm-charts/blob/7e7897dda093b174ce66b4294b0783663a4eddaf/src/main/charts/bamboo/Chart.yaml#L6). If you want to install a specific version of Bamboo, you can set the `bamboo_version_tag` to the version you want to install.
```

For more information, see [Bamboo Version Tags](https://hub.docker.com/r/atlassian/bamboo/tags){.external}.

```terraform
bamboo_version_tag = "<BAMBOO_VERSION_TAG>"
```

### Agent Helm chart version

`bamboo_helm_chart_version` sets the [Helm chart](https://github.com/atlassian/data-center-helm-charts){.external} version of Bamboo Agent instance.

```terraform
bamboo_agent_helm_chart_version = "1.2.0"
```

### Agent version tag

> Bamboo Agent will be installed with the default version defined in Hem chart. If you want to install a specific version of Agent, you can set the `bamboo_agent_version_tag` to the version you want to install.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bamboo Agent will be installed with the default version defined in its [Helm chart](https://github.com/atlassian/data-center-helm-charts/blob/7e7897dda093b174ce66b4294b0783663a4eddaf/src/main/charts/bamboo-agent/Chart.yaml#L6). If you want to install a specific version of Agent, you can set the `bamboo_agent_version_tag` to the version you want to install.
```
